Digital Project Management Summit ParticipantsAustin 2014Resource Allocation, Remote Team Communication, and (Favorite) Digital PM ToolsResource Allocation ToolsLisa Frazee / lisa.frazee@mutualofomaha.comClarity for the enterprise and Workamajig for the department.  Both are project management systems.  Workamajig is an agency tool for scheduling with project management methodology.Leslie Daly / leslie@viastudio.comRoadmap! It integrates with Basecamp.Monica-Lisa Mills / monica@advomatic.com10,000 ft.Brett Harned / harned@happycog.comAbout a year and a half ago we assessed 5 tools (Team Gantt, Resource Guru, 10,000 feet, and TeamWeek). We landed on Resource Guru and have been using it ever since. It's still working well for us. We use it in a weekly meeting to talk through project status as well as a review of resourcing for the following week (or so). From there, we dump that info into a Basecamp post and send it out to the staff, along with a listing of what milestones, meetings, travel, etc. are coming up that week. It's good--not the most seamless, ideal experience, but it works for us.Harvest's Forecast tool came out a while ago and I was pretty excited, because we use Harvest. We didn't switch over because the integration with Harvest was not complete, and it cost more. So it just did not seem worth it for us. If they fix that, I'd be open to consolidating.Suzy Bates / suzy@fourkitchens.comWe recently switched to HubPlanner (http://hubplanner.com/) and are quite pleased with the product. It has all the things we need (weekly hours allocation, team member log ins to see what's been assigned, aggregation reporting).  They are working on an API right now which will provide the last element (comparing planned versus actual both inside their app and in an external reporting tool).Also, they are very on top of reported bugs and communication!Jessica Ives / jives360@gmail.comWe are currently using Harvest Forecast (https://www.getharvest.com/forecast) We were already using Harvest for time tracking/invoicing so it was easy to integrate all projects and resources. There's also a plugin for JIRA so time tracking per task and pushes it to the budget in Harvest. The only thing I wish it did was hours allocation in a week instead of days in the week. Mika Trottier / mika.trottier@opin.caI've used Harvest and Roadmap in the past. https://www.10000ft.com/ is still my favourite - by far!Rachel Gertz / rachel@louderthanten.comAlthough we definitely appreciate "Resource Guru":http://resourceguruapp.com for tracking our people’s time and tasks, the fact that we can’t put dependencies in there (i.e. can’t start one task till another is finished) is a big reason why we prefer something like “Smartsheet":http://www.smartsheet.com (not beautiful, but free) or “TeamGantt":http://teamgantt.com. You can demo most of these for free, so it’s definitely worth checking out a few. I’ve also heard 10000ft.com is scalable and gives great visibility on your projects (it’s more expensive though).Natalie Semczuk / semczukn@gmail.comWe're using Harvest Forecast along with Harvest for time tracking/invoicing, so it's nice that there's an integration, but it's not really that complete or robust.The main issue I've found with Forecast is that you're not able to set time periods for under 1 hour, which can lead to a lot of people looking overbooked, and working with contractors' part time hours is a little tricky.We used to use 10,000 ft but found it was far too complex for what we needed - since we were already tracking budget, time, etc in other programs, it didn't make sense to duplicate it in another tool. But it seems pretty great if you do need a tool for that as well.pete.boston@headscape.co.uk / pete.boston@headscape.co.ukBeing a small agency, we use a very simple but effective tool, Toms Planner http://www.tomsplanner.com/ <http://www.tomsplanner.com/>Kaitlin Diemer / kaitlin@mightyinthemidwest.com1.	I really want to love TeamGantt, but their resourcing information is not detailed enough for our needs. Last time I demoed, the resource view only showed the number of projects in each team member's court, as opposed to how many hours are allocated to them. This is the only issue keeping us from switching.We actually have all our projects set up in a single Omniplan document. Each project is set up as a contained group of tasks, making up a Gantt chart. This allows us to view resourcing across all projects and quickly move and adjust the schedules while checking allocations. Of course there are downsides–expensive, bugs with exporting individual schedules, can only have one person updating the project schedule at a time.I'd love to hear any suggestions for tools which combine drag-and-drop Gantt charts for scheduling and at-a-glance resource allocations.Remote Team Communication ToolsRebecca Colgate / Rebecca@causelabs.comWe currently use Skype.Jessica Ives / jives360@gmail.comhipChat great for group chatting and individual chats along with video and call. Google hangout is great for screen sharing and group communication.patrice colancecco embry / pembry@dudnyk.comWe actually found that using microsoft lync/communicator was the most helpful.  I know, right?  a microsoft product???  but it was great because we used outlook, and lync gave us the chance to see if others were in meetings, in addition to the usual stuff like screen shares, file transfers, and chat. Suzy Bates / suzy@fourkitchens.comWe switched to Zoom (http://zoom.us/) from GoToMeeting/Skype/Google Hangouts and it has been a real game-changer for our remote employees.  It is easy to use (the one negative is it's lack of Linux), supports up to 25 video streams (you can upgrade to 100 video streams!) and is easy to screen share.  Clients have told us they have no idea who is where because we all seem to be in the same place using Zoom.We also use HipChat for team communication and client communication.Lisa Frazee / lisa.frazee@mutualofomaha.comSlackr or TrelloNatalie Semczuk / semczukn@gmail.comMy teams use Slack for chat/file sharing/general chatting now - it's great for group chats as well as one on one chats, and is similar to HipChat in that separate rooms/integrations can be added or created.We generally use join.me or UberConference for conference calls and screen-sharing with clients. Internally, we use Google Hangouts video and voice for calls or meetings.One of the most valuable things I've found with our team, is to have a go-to chat client like Slack, where we can chat casually and gain more of a comfortable relationship with each other, but also connect quickly on projects and work topics. It makes a difference in team communication!Mika Trottier / mika.trottier@opin.caSlack is awesome.Kaitlin Diemer / kaitlin@mightyinthemidwest.comWe love Slack, especially because all the available integrations. We frequently use the Google integrations to launch hangouts and share docs directly from Slack. We also hook it up to Pivotal Tracker to see real-time progress being made on projects and know when stories have been submitted for approval. The /giphy command (randomly selects a gif based on your chosen keyword) has also led to some hilarious results. :)David Looby / dlooby@monetate.comFor conferencing, we use Bluejeans, with Lifesize cameras and speaker hub. We also use www.sococo.com, a virtual office app. Users can step into simulated conference rooms and other users can see where groups are huddled, if they're talking, if a screen or four are being shared. This was recommended by one of our remote developers, based on previous experience. The UI is corny and insists on some literal replication of real-world office limitations. This would be great if your whole office is remote and can stay in Listen-mode all day, but a bit overkill for just a couple remote folks. You also risk a 'hot mic' broadcasting to your coworkers.For chat, we are waffling between Hipchat and Slack. Hipchat does have 1:1 video chat and screensharing, and group video chat/conferencing is an obvious next step but no delivery date is available. http://help.hipchat.com/forums/138883-suggestions-ideas/suggestions/2758858…Slack has a slick hangouts integration, but that is at odds with our company move to Bluejeans.Finally, we tried out the iPevo document cam for scaled-down whiteboarding sessions, but so far, reception has been quiet.Sarah Wrather / sarahwrather@gmail.comWe always end up back with Google Hangouts.(Favorite) Digital PM Toolspatrice colancecco embry / pembry@dudnyk.comI love Slack. Evernote - the concept is great.  I just can't seem to let go of my notebook either.  I did use Penultimate (from evernote), but I have a crappy stylus and can’t read my own notes.Brett Harned / harned@happycog.comMine are probably a Moleskin Notebook and a Sharpie Pen.I'm trying more and more to use Evernote. I'm using it for very basic reasons now, but I want to explore it more and use it to its fullest.I love Slack for the ability to quickly share files/work in progress, talk through an issue that maybe doesn't require in-person conversation, or honestly, just to foster some team building (our Slack is full of custom emojis, animated gifs, etc.)The one thing we've had to do--because Slack is so easy to share images and make decisions remotely--is ask people to make sure that decisions are also documented in Basecamp. And, to not forget about being in-person communicators.David Looby / dlooby@monetate.comHipchat, Slack, and a Big-ass monitor so I can track chat, calendars and jira at the same time.Anthony Armendariz / anthony@funsize.coHere's mine in order...Pivotal TrackerSlackTrelloTodoistEvernoteI tried Microsoft One Note on a Surface tablet. I got a demo the other day and it looks amazing for sketching meeting notes and diagramming. I'm thinking about getting one to replace my Mac.Megan Notarte / megan@cloudfour.comIf I had to choose a class of tools, it would be something like Basecamp. Transparent, collaborative communication is the #1 thing on my projects.Bryan McCarty / bmccarty@periscope.comNo particular order...WunderlistTrelloJIRAEvernoteEvernote MoleskinMou (markdown editor)BasecampWhiteboard :)Becky Tornes / becky.tornes@viget.comGroup chat is very important to me. We use Campfire, but any of them (Hipchat, Slack) would do the trick for me I think. Google Hangouts is another big one for me. I don't love hangouts per se, but it's our easiest option to do a video chat - and when working with remote teams - I find a lot of value in video chatting.TeuxDeux (using it as a desktop app via Fluid) is my to do tool and I LOVE it, it's perfect for what I need.Natalie Semczuk / semczukn@gmail.comNothing can replace my Moleskine for notes and to do lists. I also use Trello and Toggl for to do lists and time tracking personally.Jillian Warren / jillian.warren@duke.eduA good to-do list. I'm sure there are a lot of fancier apps, but I just use Apple Reminders on my laptop, and it's perfect for my needs.Ian DeRanieri / Ian.DeRanieri@gmail.comMy digital tool belt favorites are:1.	Evernote. I have a written record of (nearly) every meeting, with key points and action items that can translate to Basecamp posts or emails.2.	Trello. We don't use it a lot for projects, but it's essentially a Pensieve (from Harry Potter lore), where I have quite literally everything I need to do/remember. Articles to read, videos to watch, long-term career goals, coding languages & tools, SlideShares to read, software to check out—all of it lives there, and acts as a way for me to remind myself to keep the knife sharp without interfering too heavily w/ work. 3.	Mou. I have taken to writing everything in markdown, solely because I'm never sure where my notes may end up. Sometimes an internal brief becomes a client-facing document or a blog post, and it's just easier than with Word or other text editors.4.	GatherContent. We're piloting GatherContent right now, but after a week of using it, I get the feeling this will be indispensable as a tool for managing the content creation process for our projects. 